Create Contribute to TF SIGs page (#2046)
tensorflow/docs: site/en/community/contribute/sigs.md

## SIG MLIR

SIG MLIR maintains [MLIR](https://mlir.llvm.org/) dialects and utilities for TensorFlow, XLA and TF Lite, providing high performance compilers and optimization techniques that can be applied to TensorFlow graphs and code generation. Their overarching goal is to create common intermediate representation (IR) that reduces the cost to bring up new hardware, and improve usability for existing TensorFlow users.

<a class="button button-primary" href="https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorflow/tree/master/tensorflow/compiler/mlir">SIG MLIR on GitHub</a> <a class="button" href="https://mlir.llvm.org/">Contributing</a> <a class="button" href="https://discuss.tensorflow.org/c/special-interest-groups/mlir">Discuss on the Forum</a>

## SIG Networking

SIG Networking maintains the TensorFlow Networking repository for platform-specific networking extensions to core TensorFlow and related utilities.

<a class="button button-primary" href="https://github.com/tensorflow/networking">SIG Networking on GitHub</a> <a class="button" href="https://discuss.tensorflow.org/c/special-interest-groups/networking">Discuss on the Forum</a>

## SIG Recommenders

> SIG Recommenders maintains a collection of projects related to large-scale recommendation systems built upon TensorFlow contributed and maintained by the community. Those contributions are complementary to TensorFlow Core and TensorFlow Recommenders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SIG Recommenders maintains a collection of projects related to large-scale recommendation systems built upon TensorFlow contributed and maintained by the community. Those contributions are complementary to [TensorFlow Core](https://www.tensorflow.org/overview) and [TensorFlow Recommenders](https://www.tensorflow.org/recommenders).
```

<a class="button button-primary" href="https://github.com/tensorflow/recommenders-addons">SIG Recommenders on GitHub</a> <a class="button" href="https://github.com/tensorflow/recommenders-addons/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md/">Contributing</a> <a class="button" href="https://discuss.tensorflow.org/c/special-interest-groups/recommenders">Discuss on the Forum</a>

## SIG Rust

SIG Rust maintains idiomatic Rust language bindings for TensorFlow.

<a class="button button-primary" href="https://github.com/tensorflow/rust/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md">SIG Rust on GitHub</a> <a class="button" href="https://github.com/tensorflow/rust/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md">Contributing</a> <a class="button" href="https://discuss.tensorflow.org/c/special-interest-groups/rust">Discuss on the Forum</a>

## SIG TensorBoard

> SIG TensorBoard facilitates discussion around [TensorBoard](https://www.tensorflow.org/tensorboard), a suite of web applications for inspecting and understanding TensorFlow runs and graphs.

Reviewer: Let me know what you think:

```suggestion
SIG TensorBoard facilitates discussion around [TensorBoard](https://www.tensorflow.org/tensorboard)—a suite of visualization tools for inspecting, understanding, debugging and optimizing TensorFlow runs and graphs.
```

(I understand it's an app (not a suite of apps) with several tools inside.)

cc @MarkDaoust @MarkDaoust @wolffg

Author: Language seems to be directly taken from here: https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorboard

Reviewer: Yup. IMHO, we should emphasize that it's a set/suite of tools within (one) app instead of "apps", I think. The "optimization" part should also be highlighted. And, since TensorFlow is a framework for many things, including neural nets, maybe "TensorFlow programs" is better than [TensorFlow] "runs and graphs".

```suggestion
SIG TensorBoard facilitates discussion around [TensorBoard](https://www.tensorflow.org/tensorboard)—a suite of tools for inspecting, debugging and optimizing TensorFlow programs.
```

(Keeping in mind that TensorBoard works with JAX, among other things.)

<a class="button button-primary" href="https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorboard/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md">SIG TensorBoard on GitHub</a> <a class="button" href="https://github.com/tensorflow/tensorboard/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md">Contributing</a> <a class="button" href="https://discuss.tensorflow.org/c/special-interest-groups/tensorboard/">Discuss on the Forum</a>

## SIG TF.js

> SIG TF.js facilitates community-contributed components to TensorFlow.js and offers project support through the SIG.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SIG TF.js facilitates community-contributed components to [TensorFlow.js](https://www.tensorflow.org/js) and offers project support through the SIG.
```

<a class="button button-primary" href="https://github.com/tensorflow/tfjs">TensorFlow.js on GitHub</a> <a class="button" href="https://github.com/tensorflow/tfjs/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md">Contributing</a> <a class="button" href="https://discuss.tensorflow.org/c/special-interest-groups/tfjs/">Discuss on the Forum</a>

## SIG TFX-Addons

> SIG TFX-Addons accelerates the sharing of customizations and additions to meet the needs of production ML, expand the vision, and help drive new directions for [TensorFlow Extended (TFX)](https://www.tensorflow.org/tfx) and the ML community.

Reviewer: "production-ready ML" or "ML in production" maybe? LMKWYT 

cc @MarkDaoust @markmcd @joefernandez

Author: I think "production ML" is okay; I've seen Google use this in regards to e2e solutions
